For each FITS file provided, either we will provide an event list (training
set) or we ask you to make a prediction.  The primary image in each FITS 
file is an array of dimension nx,ny,11,nt, where
nx = number of pixels in x-direction
ny = number of pixels in y-direction
nt = number of times (this will typically be 7) 

The 11 planes in the image contain:
Br: radial component of the magnetic field (positive outward).
Bphi: longitudinal component of the field (positive to solar west limb/to the
right on the image)
Btheta: latitudinal component of the field (positive toward solar N/roughly up on the image)
Brerr: uncertainty in radial component of the field
Bphierr: uncertainty in longitudinal component of the field
Bthetaerr: uncertainty in latitudinal component of the field
Lon: longitude
Lat: latitude
Vlos: line of sight velocity
I0: Stokes I at wavelength 0
bitmap: mask of active pixels in the image (bitmap=1)

Field components and uncertainties are given in G; lat/lon are given in
degrees; Vlos is given in cm/s; I0 is given in DN/s.  The uncertainties are
1-sigma estimates determined only from the covariance matrix returned by the
inversion, thus there are still systematic effects and ambiguity resolution
failures that are not characterized by these uncertainties.

Active pixels in the HARP have a value of 1 in the bitmap. Other pixels in the
array may belong to other HARPs, thus, to avoid including the same pixel in the
analysis of more than one HARP, only the pixels with a value of 1 in the bitmap
should be included in the final results.  Also note that the images are not
necessarily coaligned.

A note on coordinate systems.

The coordinate system is heliocentric, with the polar axis in the plane defined
by the the Sun-SDO line and Solar-N, and perpendicular to the Sun-SDO line.  In
other words, the satellite rotation is taken into account, but the solar-B
angle is not.*  For those using planar geometry, it should be a reasonable
approximation to take Bz=Br, Bx=Bphi, By=Btheta.

*For those of you familiar with the "raw" SDO data, these data have been
rotated by 180 degrees, such that solar-N is approximately up in the image, and
the residual CROTA2 is generally less than 0.1 degree.

For those of you who wish to work in a different coordinate system, or simply
want to neglect the provided lon/lat, there is also an image extension in each
FITS file containing the WCS keywords for each time.  The image has dimensions
nt,10.  The 10 planes in the image contain: 
CRPIX1
CRPIX2
CRVAL1
CRVAL2
CDELT1
CDELT2
DSUN_OBS
RSUN_OBS
CROTA2
TIME
where time is the time in hours before the final image.
